Version 0.5
-----------

Most of the settings of the script have been moved to a configuration
file.  Depending on the ./configure options, the location of this file
might be /etc/default/ganeti-instance-debootstrap or
/usr/local/etc/default/ganeti-instance-debootstrap.

The cache generation and cleaning variables can be modified as follows:

- to enable generating the cache, modify the config file and set
  GENERATE_CACHE to "yes"
- to disable cleaning the cache, set CLEAN_CACHE to ""; or
  alternatively, you can customize with this variable the number of days
  after which to clear the cache

Note that the cache file is no longer stored in the same directory as
the OS definition files, but (again depending on ./configure options)
usually under /var/cache/ganeti-instance-debootstrap.

There are many other customuizable settings added in this version, for
example the actual OS to be installed (no longer always installing
Debian Etch), whether to use a proxy or not, etc. See the README and the
'defaults' files.

Version 0.4
-----------

This version fixes the problem of interface renaming at instance import
time, by removing the saved udev hotplug rules (if any).

Version 0.3
-----------

The OS will cache the image of the first instance it installs using the
name "cache-$arch.tar" (where $arch is what dpkg --print-architecture
returns) on a node-by-node basis. This cache will be then used on the
future installs, speeding them greatly (even with a fast mirror). Feel
free to remove the cache at any time, or to copy it to all nodes. The
cache will be kept for two weeks, after which the first install will
recreate the cache (in order not to use old packages). If you don't care
about package age, remove the user write permission (chmod u-w) from the
cache and ganeti will continue to use the same file without refreshing
it.

If you don't have enough space and don't want cache creation, just touch
the file 'no_cache' - this will prevent the creation, but the script
will continue to use a cache if it exists (but it will remove an
existing one after two weeks).

Also note that if the image file is there, the script does not need
network access at all.
